.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

<!--
Thanks for your pull request 😊. Note that not following the template might
result in your issue being closed.
-->

<!--
Please make sure you're familiar with and follow the instructions in the
contributing guidelines found in the
https://docs.frontity.org/contributing/code-contributions.
-->

<!--
If you're new to contributing to open source projects, you might find this free
video course helpful: http://kcd.im/pull-request
-->

<!--
Please fill out the information below to expedite the review and (hopefully)
merge of your pull request!
-->

**What**:

<!-- What changes are being made? (What feature/bug is being fixed here?) -->

**Why**:

<!-- Why are these changes necessary? -->

**How**:

<!-- How were these changes implemented? -->

**Tasks**:

<!-- Have you done all of these things?  -->

<!-- To check an item, place an "x" in the box like so: "- [x] Unit tests" -->

<!-- Move any unrelated task to the Unrelated tasks section below. -->

- [ ] Code
- [ ] TSDocs
- [ ] TypeScript
- [ ] Unit tests
- [ ] End to end tests
- [ ] TypeScript tests
- [ ] Update starter themes
- [ ] Update other packages
- [ ] Link to PR in [Documentation](https://github.com/frontity/gitbook-docs/wiki/Code-Releases)
- [ ] Community discussions
- [ ] Changeset (with link to its [Feature Discussion](https://community.frontity.org/c/33) if it exists)

<!-- Changesets are necessary if your changes should release any packages.
Run `npx changeset` to create a changeset.
More info at https://docs.frontity.org/contributing/code-contribution-guide#what-is-a-changeset -->

<!-- ignore-task-list-start -->

**Unrelated Tasks**

<!-- Remove the "[ ]" from any non related task. -->

**Additional Comments**

<!-- Feel free to add any additional comments. -->

<!-- ignore-task-list-end -->

Commit message:

Update PR template
I changed the "link to doc PR" task for the "open an issue in the docs repo" task.

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

<!--
Thanks for your pull request 😊. Note that not following the template might
result in your issue being closed.
-->

<!--
Please make sure you're familiar with and follow the instructions in the
contributing guidelines found in the
https://docs.frontity.org/contributing/code-contributions.
-->

<!--
If you're new to contributing to open source projects, you might find this free
video course helpful: http://kcd.im/pull-request
-->

<!--
Please fill out the information below to expedite the review and (hopefully)
merge of your pull request!
-->

**What**:

<!-- What changes are being made? (What feature/bug is being fixed here?) -->

**Why**:

<!-- Why are these changes necessary? -->

**How**:

<!-- How were these changes implemented? -->

**Tasks**:

<!-- Have you done all of these things?  -->

<!-- To check an item, place an "x" in the box like so: "- [x] Unit tests" -->

<!-- Move any unrelated task to the Unrelated tasks section below. -->

- [ ] Code
- [ ] TSDocs
- [ ] TypeScript
- [ ] Unit tests
- [ ] End to end tests
- [ ] TypeScript tests
- [ ] Update starter themes
- [ ] Update other packages
- [ ] Open an issue for this feature in the [docs repo](https://github.com/frontity/docs/wiki/Code-Releases)
- [ ] Update community discussions
- [ ] Add a changeset (with link to its [Feature Discussion](https://community.frontity.org/c/33) if it exists)

<!-- Changesets are necessary if your changes should release any packages.
Run `npx changeset` to create a changeset.
More info at https://docs.frontity.org/contributing/code-contribution-guide#what-is-a-changeset -->

**Unrelated Tasks**

<!-- ignore-task-list-start -->

<!-- Move the unrelated tasks here, between the "ignore-task-list" tags. -->

<!-- ignore-task-list-end -->

**Additional Comments**

<!-- Feel free to add any additional comments. -->
