CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contribute to Frontity

We really appreciate your interest to contribute to Frontity! Any kind of contribution is highly appreciated, not only coding ☺️.

## Coding Contributions

There is a detailed guide about how to contribute coding at our docs: [Code Contributions](https://docs.frontity.org/contributing/code-contributions), but if you are looking for a quick guide, these are the main steps:

**Prerequisites:** Node 10 installed in your computer.

1. Fork this [repository](https://github.com/frontity/frontity) and clone your fork.
2. Run ```npm install``` in the root folder.
3. Run ```cd examples/mars-theme-example/``` to go to the example directory.
4. Run ```npx frontity dev``` to start Frontity with mars-theme on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/).
5. Make any changes you consider to the packages.
>***WARNING: After adding/removing dependencies to a package, go back to the root and do ```npm install``` again.***
6. Run ```npm test``` in the root to check if the commit is acceptable.
7. Commit and push to your fork.
8. Open a Pull Request detailing the changes.

If you get stuck on any of these steps, you should check the [Code Contributions guide](https://docs.frontity.org/contributing/code-contributions).

## Other types of contributions

There are several ways to support the project and get involved. Don't know how to code? Don't worry! You can contribute in many other ways, just check our [How to contribute page](https://docs.frontity.org/contributing/how-to-contribute).

Commit message:

add warning stating that commit/push runs npm test

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contribute to Frontity

We really appreciate your interest to contribute to Frontity! Any kind of contribution is highly appreciated, not only coding ☺️.

## Coding Contributions

There is a detailed guide about how to contribute coding at our docs: [Code Contributions](https://docs.frontity.org/contributing/code-contributions), but if you are looking for a quick guide, these are the main steps:

**Prerequisites:** Node 10 (or newer) installed in your computer.

1. Fork this [repository](https://github.com/frontity/frontity) and clone your fork.
2. Run ```npm install``` in the root folder.
3. Run ```cd examples/mars-theme-example/``` to go to the example directory.
4. Run ```npx frontity dev``` to start Frontity with mars-theme on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/).
5. Make any changes you consider to the packages.
>***WARNING: After adding/removing dependencies to a package, go back to the root and do ```npm install``` again.***
6. Run ```npm test``` in the root to check if the commit is acceptable.
7. Commit and push to your fork.
8. Open a Pull Request detailing the changes.

>***WARNING: `npm test` will be run automatically each time your commit or push, so it may take a while. If it fails, it won't let you commit/push. Fix the tests and try again.***

If you get stuck on any of these steps, you should check the [Code Contributions guide](https://docs.frontity.org/contributing/code-contributions).

## Other types of contributions

There are several ways to support the project and get involved. Don't know how to code? Don't worry! You can contribute in many other ways, just check our [How to contribute page](https://docs.frontity.org/contributing/how-to-contribute).
