packages/smart-adserver/README.md, before:

# `@frontity/smart-adserver`

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@frontity/smart-adserver.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@frontity/smart-adserver) [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@frontity/smart-adserver)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@frontity/smart-adserver) [![License: Apache--2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-lightgrey)](https://github.com/frontity/frontity/blob/master/LICENSE)

A package that integrates [Smart AdServer](https://smartadserver.com/) with Frontity.

## Install

```sh
npm i @frontity/smart-adserver
```

## Usage

You can configure this package by passing some parameter to its state. For example:

**`frontity.settings.js`**

```js
export default {
  packages: [
    {
      name: "@frontity/smart-adserver",
      state: {
        // Global settings.
        smartAdserver: {
          networkId: 620,
          subdomain: "www8"
        },
        // Fills with ads.
        fills: {
          smartads1: {
            slot: "Below Header",
            library: "SmartAd",
            props: {,
              siteId: 103409,
              pageId: 659846,
              formatId: 14968,
              tagId: "below-header-14968",
              width: 300,
              height: 600
            }
          },
          smartads2: {
            slot: "Below Content",
            library: "SmartAd",
            props: {
              siteId: 103409,
              pageId: 659846,
              formatId: 14968,
              tagId: "below-content-14968",
              width: 300,
              height: 600
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

More info about how to use this package can be found in the [Feature Discussion](https://community.frontity.org/t/smart-adserver/1586/).

## Feature Discussions

[**Feature Discussions**](https://community.frontity.org/c/feature-discussions/33) about Frontity are public. You can join the discussions, vote for those you're interested in or create new ones.

## Changelog

Have a look at the latest updates of this package in the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/frontity/frontity/blob/dev/packages/smart-adserver/CHANGELOG.md)

---

### » Frontity Channels 🌎

[![Community Forum Topics](https://img.shields.io/discourse/topics?color=blue&label=community%20forum&server=https%3A%2F%2Fcommunity.frontity.org%2F)](https://community.frontity.org/) [![Twitter: frontity](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/frontity.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/frontity) ![Frontity Github Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/frontity/frontity?style=social)

We have different channels at your disposal where you can find information about the project, discuss about it and get involved:

- 📖 **[Docs](https://docs.frontity.org)**: this is the place to learn how to build amazing sites with Frontity.
- 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 **[Community](https://community.frontity.org/)**: use our forum to [ask any questions](https://community.frontity.org/c/dev-talk-questions), feedback and meet great people. This is your place too to share [what are you building with Frontity](https://community.frontity.org/c/showcases)!
- 🐞 **[GitHub](https://github.com/frontity/frontity)**: we use GitHub for bugs and pull requests. Questions are answered in the [community forum](https://community.frontity.org/)!
- 🗣 **Social media**: a more informal place to interact with Frontity users, reach out to us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/frontity).
- 💌 **Newsletter**: do you want to receive the latest framework updates and news? Subscribe [here](https://frontity.org/)

### » Get involved 🤗

[![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/frontity/frontity/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/frontity/frontity/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

Got questions or feedback about Frontity? We'd love to hear from you. Use our [community forum](https://community.frontity.org) yo ! ❤️

Frontity also welcomes contributions. There are many ways to support the project! If you don't know where to start, this guide might help: [How to contribute?](https://docs.frontity.org/contributing/how-to-contribute)

If you're eager to start contributing to the code, maybe you'd like to open a pull request to address one of our [_good first issues_](https://github.com/frontity/frontity/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

Commit message:

Add or update section in README files

packages/smart-adserver/README.md, after:

# `@frontity/smart-adserver`

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@frontity/smart-adserver.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@frontity/smart-adserver) [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dw/@frontity/smart-adserver)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@frontity/smart-adserver) [![License: Apache--2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202-lightgrey)](https://github.com/frontity/frontity/blob/master/LICENSE)

A package that integrates [Smart AdServer](https://smartadserver.com/) with Frontity.

## Install

```sh
npm i @frontity/smart-adserver
```

## Usage

You can configure this package by passing some parameter to its state. For example:

**`frontity.settings.js`**

```js
export default {
  packages: [
    {
      name: "@frontity/smart-adserver",
      state: {
        // Global settings.
        smartAdserver: {
          networkId: 620,
          subdomain: "www8"
        },
        // Fills with ads.
        fills: {
          smartads1: {
            slot: "Below Header",
            library: "SmartAd",
            props: {,
              siteId: 103409,
              pageId: 659846,
              formatId: 14968,
              tagId: "below-header-14968",
              width: 300,
              height: 600
            }
          },
          smartads2: {
            slot: "Below Content",
            library: "SmartAd",
            props: {
              siteId: 103409,
              pageId: 659846,
              formatId: 14968,
              tagId: "below-content-14968",
              width: 300,
              height: 600
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

More info about how to use this package can be found in the [Feature Discussion](https://community.frontity.org/t/smart-adserver/1586/).

## Feature Discussions

[**Feature Discussions**](https://community.frontity.org/c/feature-discussions/33) about Frontity are public. You can join the discussions, vote for those you're interested in or create new ones.

## Changelog

Have a look at the latest updates of this package in the [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/frontity/frontity/blob/dev/packages/smart-adserver/CHANGELOG.md)

---

### » Open Source Community

[![Community Forum Topics](https://img.shields.io/discourse/topics?color=blue&label=community%20forum&server=https%3A%2F%2Fcommunity.frontity.org%2F)](https://community.frontity.org/) [![Twitter: frontity](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/frontity.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/frontity) ![Frontity Github Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/frontity/frontity?style=social)

Frontity has a number of different channels at your disposal where you can find out more information about the project, join in discussions about it, and also get involved:

- **📖 [Docs](https://docs.frontity.org/):** our primary documentation resource - this is the place to learn how to build amazing sites with Frontity.

* **👨‍👩‍👧‍👦 [Community forum](https://community.frontity.org/):** join Frontity's forum and ask questions, share your knowledge, give feedback and meet other cool Frontity people. We'd also love to know about what you're building with Frontity, so please do swing by the [forum](https://community.frontity.org/) and tell us about your projects.
* **🐞 Contribute:** Frontity uses [GitHub](https://github.com/frontity/frontity) for bugs and pull requests. See our [Contributing](../../CONTRIBUTING.md/) section to find out how you can help develop Frontity, or improve this documentation.
* **🗣 Social media**: interact with other Frontity users. Reach out to the Frontity team on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/frontity). Mention us in your tweets about Frontity and what you're building by using **`@frontity`**.
* 💌 **Newsletter:** do you want to receive the latest news about Frontity and find out as soon as there's an update to the framework? Subscribe to our [newsletter](https://frontity.org/newsletter/).

### » Get involved 🤗

[![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/frontity/frontity/good%20first%20issue)](https://github.com/frontity/frontity/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

Got questions or feedback about Frontity? We'd love to hear from you in our [community forum](https://community.frontity.org).

Frontity also welcomes contributions. There are many ways to support the project! If you don't know where to start then this guide might help: [How to contribute?](https://docs.frontity.org/contributing/how-to-contribute).

If you would like to start contributing to the code please open a pull request to address one of our [_good first issues_](https://github.com/frontity/frontity/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22).
